c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ComputerVision\ComputerVision\bin\Debug\ComputerVision.exe.config
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ComputerVision\ComputerVision\bin\Debug\ComputerVision.exe
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ComputerVision\ComputerVision\bin\Debug\ComputerVision.pdb
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ComputerVision\ComputerVision\obj\Debug\ComputerVision.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ComputerVision\ComputerVision\obj\Debug\ComputerVision.Form1.resources
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ComputerVision\ComputerVision\obj\Debug\ComputerVision.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ComputerVision\ComputerVision\obj\Debug\ComputerVision.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ComputerVision\ComputerVision\obj\Debug\ComputerVision.exe
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ComputerVision\ComputerVision\obj\Debug\ComputerVision.pdb
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ComputerVision\ComputerVision\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.DebuggerVisualizers.VS2015.dll
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ComputerVision\ComputerVision\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ComputerVision\ComputerVision\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.dll
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ComputerVision\ComputerVision\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.dll
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ComputerVision\ComputerVision\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.DebuggerVisualizers.dll
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ComputerVision\ComputerVision\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ComputerVision\ComputerVision\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ComputerVision\ComputerVision\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.xml
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ComputerVision\ComputerVision\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.xml
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ComputerVision\ComputerVision\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.DebuggerVisualizers.xml
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ComputerVision\ComputerVision\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
c:\users\antivirus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ComputerVision\ComputerVision\bin\Debug\zh-CN\ZedGraph.resources.dll
